Model: google/medgemma-4b-it
Patient: GAS0005
Detected Disease: Gastroenteritis
Generated: 2026-04-14 04:30:19
Time: 109.52s
Tokens: 13,337 in / 2,036 out
Cell: k1
============================================================

Patient Information:

The patient is Amina Cecil Blanda, a 71-year-old female. Her date of birth is 1952-08-29. She has a history of cerebral palsy, pain, osteoporosis, epilepsy, intellectual disability, gastroesophageal reflux disease, and is currently taking Acetaminophen 325 MG Oral Tablet, insulin isophane, human 70 UNT/ML / insulin, regular, human 30 UNT/ML Injectable Suspension [Humulin], sodium fluoride 0.0272 MG/MG Oral Gel, Hydrochlorothiazide 25 MG Oral Tablet, 24 HR Metformin hydrochloride 500 MG Extended Release Oral Tablet, and lisinopril 10 MG Oral Tablet. She also takes amLODIPine 2.5 MG Oral Tablet and Alendronic acid 10 MG Oral Tablet. She is currently employed full-time. She has a history of being a victim of intimate partner abuse. She has a chronic kidney disease stage 2 and microalbuminuria due to type 2 diabetes mellitus. She is currently living with herself, her mother, and her husband, and has two children, a 7-year-old son and a 10-year-old daughter. She has no pets and no smoking history in the home. She has no known allergies.

Chief Complaint:

The patient presents with a chief complaint of stomach ache.

History of Present Illness:

The patient reports that her son, who is 6 years old, has been experiencing abdominal pain for the past 3 days. He also has been vomiting for the last two days, with a total of six episodes of vomiting. He also developed a fever yesterday, measured at 38.3 degrees Celsius. The patient reports that the vomiting started two days ago, with the first day consisting of vomiting up the food he had eaten. Yesterday, the vomiting was mainly yellowish material, and she could not determine if it was food or not. She denies any blood or green material in the vomit. The vomiting was triggered by lunch two days ago, but has been random since then. The patient also reports that the son has been having watery diarrhea for the last day, with approximately six to seven bowel movements. He has not complained of any headaches, ear pain, or eye pain. He has no reported loss of taste or smell. He has no cough, shortness of breath, or chest pain. He did point to his stomach with the vomiting, and she suspects some stomach pain. The patient denies any specific location of pain. She reports no blood in the diarrhea. The patient denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the home. She has no pets. She denies any concerns for safety in the home, whether physical or verbal abuse. She denies any smoking in the