Model: google/medgemma-4b-it
Patient: MSK0035
Detected Disease: Wrist Injury
Generated: 2026-04-14 05:03:06
Time: 110.81s
Tokens: 16,240 in / 2,138 out
Cell: k3
============================================================

Patient Information:

The patient is Abel Daugherty, DOB 1940-08-19, residing at 849 Miller Rapid, Boston, Massachusetts 02110. He is a male.

Chief Complaint:

The patient presents with pain and swelling in his right hand following a skiing accident yesterday.

History of Present Illness:

The patient reports falling on his right arm while skiing yesterday, resulting in pain and swelling in his right hand. He states that he braced himself with his right hand and wrist extended backwards. He denies any other injuries, such as to his elbow, shoulder, or head. He reports that the pain was immediate upon impact. He has been taking ibuprofen for pain relief and has been trying to avoid moving his hand. He describes the pain as sharp. He denies radiation of the pain. He is able to move his wrist, but it is very painful. He states that the pain is constant. He denies any making the pain worse. The pain is rated as a 5 or 6 out of 10. He denies prior similar injuries. He denies neurological symptoms such as numbness, tingling, or sensory loss. He denies muscle weakness. He denies fevers or chills. He denies headaches. He denies sensory changes. He denies a runny nose or congestion. He denies a sore throat or cough. He denies shortness of breath or wheezing. He denies chest pain. He denies heart palpitations. He denies dizziness or fainting. He denies nausea or vomiting. He denies abdominal pain. He denies changes to bowel habits. He denies urinary problems. He denies muscle aches or musculoskeletal pains besides the wrist. He denies appetite loss or fatigue. He denies night sweats. He denies unexpected weight loss. He denies a history of medical conditions. He denies taking any regular medications. He denies any hospitalizations or surgeries. He denies allergies. He states that his immunizations are up to date, except for Gardasil. He is waiting to receive the Gardasil vaccine. He lives alone in an apartment downtown. He is in school. He denies being around anyone who is sick. He denies recent travel. He states that he does other activities besides skiing, such as snowboarding, camping, tennis, and volleyball. He does not smoke. He drinks beer occasionally, about 2 every other week. He uses cannabis edibles occasionally, once a month. He denies the use of any other recreational drugs. He states that there is no family history of neurological or musculoskeletal problems. He denies any autoimmune conditions such as hypothyroidism. He denies any history of a seizure disorder, epilepsy, or history of single seizure. He denies any history of housing unsatisfactory or only received primary school education. He denies a history of prediabetes, anemia, diabetes mellitus type 2, essential hypertension, chronic kidney disease stage 1, disorder of kidney due to diabetes mellitus, hypertriglyceridemia, or metabolic syndrome X. He denies chronic kidney disease stage 2, microalbuminuria due to type 2 diabetes mellitus, or body mass index 30+ - obesity. He denies a history of chronic kidney disease stage 3, or proteinuria due to type 2 diabetes mellitus. He denies stress. He denies full-time employment. He denies coffee, tobacco, or alcohol. He denies any hospitalizations or surgeries. He denies allergies. He states that his immunizations are up to date, except for Gardasil. He is waiting to receive the Gardasil vaccine. He lives alone in an apartment downtown. He is in school. He denies being around anyone who is sick. He denies recent travel. He states that he does other activities besides skiing, such as snowboarding, camping, tennis, and volleyball. He does not smoke. He drinks beer occasionally, about 2 every other week. He uses cannabis edibles occasionally, once a month. He denies the use of any other recreational drugs. He states that there is no family history of neurological or musculoskeletal problems. He denies any autoimmune conditions such as hypothyroidism. He denies any history of a seizure disorder, epilepsy, or history of single seizure. He denies any history of housing unsatisfactory or only received primary school education. He denies a history of prediabetes, anemia, diabetes mellitus type 2, essential hypertension, chronic kidney disease stage 1, disorder of kidney due to diabetes mellitus, hypertriglyceridemia, or metabolic syndrome X. He denies chronic kidney disease stage 2, microalbuminuria due to type 2 diabetes mellitus, or body mass index 30+ - obesity. He denies a history of chronic kidney disease stage 3, or proteinuria due to type 2 diabetes mellitus. He denies stress. He denies full-time employment. He denies coffee, tobacco, or alcohol. He denies any hospitalizations or surgeries. He denies allergies. He states that his immunizations are up to date, except for Gardasil. He is waiting to receive the Gardasil vaccine. He lives alone in an apartment downtown. He is in school. He denies being around anyone who is sick. He denies recent travel. He states that he does other activities besides skiing, such as snowboarding, camping, tennis, and volleyball. He does not smoke. He drinks beer occasionally, about 2 every other week. He uses cannabis edibles occasionally, once a month. He denies the use of any other recreational drugs. He states that there is no family history of neurological or musculoskeletal problems. He denies any autoimmune conditions such as hypothyroidism. He denies any history of a seizure disorder, epilepsy, or history of single seizure. He denies any history of housing unsatisfactory or only received primary school education. He denies a history of prediabetes, anemia, diabetes mellitus type 2, essential hypertension, chronic kidney disease stage 1, disorder of kidney due to diabetes mellitus, hypertriglyceridemia, or metabolic syndrome X. He denies chronic kidney disease stage 2, microalbuminuria due to type 2 diabetes mellitus, or body mass index 30+ - obesity. He denies a history of chronic kidney disease stage 3, or proteinuria due to type 2 diabetes mellitus. He denies stress. He denies full-time employment. He denies coffee, tobacco, or alcohol. He denies any hospitalizations or surgeries. He denies allergies. He states that his immunizations are up to date, except for Gardasil. He is waiting to receive the Gardasil vaccine. He lives alone in an apartment downtown. He is in school. He denies being around anyone who is sick. He denies recent travel. He states that he does other activities besides skiing, such as snowboarding, camping, tennis, and volleyball. He does not smoke. He drinks beer occasionally, about 2 every other week. He uses cannabis edibles occasionally, once a month. He denies the use of any other recreational drugs. He states that there is no family history of neurological or musculoskeletal problems. He denies any autoimmune conditions such as hypothyroidism. He denies any history of a seizure disorder, epilepsy, or history of single seizure. He denies any history of housing unsatisfactory or only received primary school education. He denies a history of prediabetes, anemia, diabetes mellitus type 2, essential hypertension, chronic kidney disease stage 1, disorder of kidney due to diabetes mellitus, hypertriglyceridemia, or metabolic syndrome X. He denies chronic kidney disease stage 2, microalbuminuria due to type 2 diabetes mellitus, or body mass index 30+ - obesity. He denies a history of chronic kidney disease stage 3, or proteinuria due to type 2 diabetes mellitus. He denies stress. He denies full-time employment. He denies coffee, tobacco, or alcohol. He denies any hospitalizations or surgeries. He denies allergies. He states that his immunizations are up to date, except for Gardasil. He is waiting to receive the Gardasil vaccine. He lives alone in an apartment downtown. He is in school. He denies being around anyone who is sick. He denies recent travel. He states that he does other activities besides skiing, such as snowboarding, camping, tennis, and volleyball. He does not smoke. He drinks beer occasionally, about 2 every other week. He uses cannabis edibles occasionally, once a month. He denies the use of any other recreational drugs. He states that there is no family history of neurological or musculoskeletal problems. He denies any autoimmune conditions such as hypothyroidism. He denies any history of a seizure disorder, epilepsy, or history of single seizure. He denies any history of housing unsatisfactory or only received primary school education. He denies a history of prediabetes, anemia, diabetes mellitus type 2, essential hypertension, chronic kidney disease stage 1, disorder of kidney due to diabetes mellitus, hypertriglyceridemia, or metabolic syndrome X. He denies chronic kidney disease stage 2, microalbuminuria due to type 2 diabetes mellitus, or body mass index 30+ - obesity. He denies a history of chronic kidney disease stage 3, or proteinuria due to type 2 diabetes mellitus. He denies stress. He denies full-time employment. He denies coffee, tobacco, or alcohol. He denies any hospitalizations or surgeries. He denies allergies. He states that his immunizations are up to date, except for Gardasil. He is waiting to receive the Gardasil vaccine. He lives alone in an apartment downtown. He is in school. He denies being around anyone who is sick. He denies recent travel. He states that he does other activities besides skiing, such as snowboarding, camping, tennis, and volleyball. He does not smoke. He drinks beer occasionally, about 2 every other week. He uses cannabis edibles occasionally, once a month. He denies the use of any other recreational drugs. He states that there is no family history of neurological or musculoskeletal problems. He denies any autoimmune conditions such as hypothyroidism. He denies any history of a seizure disorder, epilepsy, or history of single seizure. He denies any history of housing unsatisfactory or only received primary school education. He denies a history of prediabetes, anemia, diabetes mellitus type 2, essential hypertension, chronic kidney