Model: google/medgemma-4b-it
Patient: MSK0028
Detected Disease: Bicep Tendonitis
Generated: 2026-04-14 05:59:27
Time: 106.16s
Tokens: 9,995 in / 2,070 out
Cell: embed_clinicalbert
============================================================

Patient Information:

Patient Name: Abdul Gorczany
Date of Birth: 1971-03-09
Medical Record Number: 179

Chief Complaint: Follow-up encounter for right shoulder and elbow pain.

History of Present Illness:

The patient presents with sudden onset of sharp pain over the front of the shoulder and elbow, starting yesterday after weight training. The pain is described as stabbing and has not subsided. The patient denies hearing a pop, but suspects he might have. The pain started within half an hour of the activity. The pain is now localized to the front of the right elbow and near the shoulder. The patient describes the pain as sharp. The pain does not radiate. The patient has tried Advil, but it has not provided relief. The pain has been ongoing since yesterday and is worse than it was last night. The patient denies any worsening since last night, only rest and ice. The patient also reports a mass-like sensation in the biceps area, which is painful and swollen.

Past Medical History:

The patient has a history of major depression disorder, essential hypertension, alcoholism, chronic kidney disease stage 1, and disorder of kidney due to diabetes mellitus. He also has chronic kidney disease stage 3 and microalbuminuria due to type 2 diabetes mellitus. He was previously employed full-time. He has a history of being in the armed forces and receiving a high school equivalency certificate. He has had a history of social isolation, sepsis, acute respiratory distress syndrome, limited social contact, stress, and not in labor force. He has a history of Gingivitis and Primary dental caries. He has a history of medication review due. He has a history of Victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of Leaking dental filling. He has a history of Full-time employment, Part-time employment, Stress, and Gingivitis. He has a history of Viral sinusitis. He has a history of Primary dental caries. He has a history of Medication review due. He has a history of Limited social contact. He has a history of Not in labor force. He has a history of Part-time employment. He has a history of Full-time employment. He has a history of Gingivitis. He has a history of Gingival disease. He has a history of Primary dental caries. He has a history of Stress. He has a history of Medication review due. He has a history of Limited social contact. He has a history of Not in labor force. He has a history of Primary dental caries. He has a history of Part-time employment. He has a history of Full-time employment. He has a history of Gingivitis. He has a history of Gingival disease. He has a history of Primary dental caries. He has a history of Stress. He has a history of Medication review due. He has a history of Limited social contact. He has a history of Not in labor force. He has a history of Part-time employment. He has a history of Full-time employment. He has a history of Gingivitis. He has a history of Gingival disease. He has a history of Primary dental caries. He has a history of Stress. He has a history of Medication review due. He has a history of Limited social contact. He has a history of Not in labor force. He has a history of Part-time employment. He has a history of Full-time employment. He has a history of Gingivitis. He has a history of Gingival disease. He has a history of Primary dental caries. He has a history of Stress. He has a history of Medication review due. He has a history of Limited social contact. He has a history of Not in labor force. He has a history of Part-time employment. He has a history of Full-time employment. He has a history of Gingivitis. He has a history of Gingival disease. He has a history of Primary dental caries. He has a history of Stress. He has a history of Medication review due. He has a history of Limited social contact. He has a history of Not in labor force. He has a history of Part-time employment. He has a history of Full-time employment. He has a history of Gingivitis. He has a history of Gingival disease. He has a history of Primary dental caries. He has a history of Stress. He has a history of Medication review due. He has a history of Limited social contact. He has a history of Not in labor force. He has a history of Part-time employment. He has a history of Full-time employment. He has a history of Gingivitis. He has a history of Gingival disease. He has a history of Primary dental caries. He has a history of Stress. He has a history of Medication review due. He has a history of Limited social contact. He has a history of Not in labor force. He has a history of Part-time employment. He has a history of Full-time employment. He has a history of Gingivitis. He has a history of Gingival disease. He has a history of Primary dental caries. He has a history of Stress. He has a history of Medication review due. He has a history of Limited social contact. He has a history of Not in labor force. He has a history of Part-time employment. He has a history of Full-time employment. He has a history of Gingivitis. He has a history of Gingival disease. He has a history of Primary dental caries. He has a history of Stress. He has a history of Medication review due. He has a history of Limited social contact. He has a history of Not in labor force. He has a history of Part-time employment. He has a history of Full-time employment. He has a history of Gingivitis. He has a history of Gingival disease. He has a history of Primary dental caries. He has a history of Stress. He has a history of Medication review due. He has a history of Limited social contact. He has a history of Not in labor force. He has a history of Part-time employment. He has a history of Full-time employment. He has a history of Gingivitis. He has a history of Gingival disease. He has a history of Primary dental caries. He has a history of Stress. He has a history of Medication review due. He has a history of Limited social contact. He has a history of Not in labor force. He has a history of Part-time employment. He has a history of Full-time employment. He has a history of Gingivitis. He has a history of Gingival disease. He has a history of Primary dental caries. He has a history of Stress. He has a history of Medication review due. He has a history of Limited social contact. He has a history of Not in labor force. He has a history of Part-time employment. He has a history of Full-time employment. He has a history of Gingivitis. He has a history of Gingival disease. He has a history of Primary dental caries. He has a history of Stress. He has a history of Medication review due. He has a history of Limited social contact. He has a history of Not in labor force. He has a history of Part-time employment. He has a history of Full-time employment. He has a history of Gingivitis. He has a history of Gingival disease. He has a history of Primary dental caries. He has a history of Stress. He has a history of Medication review due. He has a history of Limited social contact. He has a history of Not in labor force. He has a history of Part-time employment. He has a history of Full-time employment. He has a history of Gingivitis. He has a history of Gingival disease. He has a history of Primary dental caries. He has a history of Stress. He has a history of Medication review due. He has a history of Limited social contact. He has a history of Not in labor force. He has a history of Part-time employment. He has a history of Full-time employment. He has a history of Gingivitis. He has a history of Gingival disease. He has a history of Primary dental caries. He has a history of Stress. He has a history of Medication review due. He has a history of Limited social contact. He has a history of Not in labor force. He has a history of Part-time employment. He has a history of Full-time employment. He has a history of Gingivitis. He has a history of Gingival disease. He has a history of Primary dental caries. He has a history of Stress. He has a history of Medication review due. He has a history of Limited social contact. He has a history of Not in labor force. He has a history of Part-time employment. He has a history of Full-time employment. He has a history of Gingivitis. He has a history of Gingival disease. He has a history of Primary dental caries. He has a history of Stress. He has a history of Medication review due. He has a history of Limited social contact. He has a history of Not in labor force. He has a history of Part-time employment. He has a history of Full-time employment. He has a history of Gingivitis. He has a history of Gingival disease. He has a history of Primary dental caries. He has a history of Stress. He has a history of Medication review due. He has a history of Limited social contact. He has a history of Not in labor force. He has a history of Part-time employment. He has a history of Full-time employment. He has a history of Gingivitis. He has a history of Gingival disease. He has a history of Primary dental caries. He has a history of Stress. He has a history of Medication review due. He has a history of