Model: google/medgemma-4b-it
Patient: RES0058
Detected Disease: Upper Respiratory Infection
Generated: 2026-04-14 03:59:42
Time: 112.67s
Tokens: 7,425 in / 2,046 out
Cell: norag
============================================================

Patient Information:

Patient Name: Aaron Russel
Date of Birth: 1952-11-14
Sex: Male
Unit Number: 92

Chief Complaint: Loss of taste.

History of Present Illness:

The patient presents today complaining of a loss of taste, which began approximately two days ago. He reports that he can't taste anything, and that the food tastes like cardboard. He also mentions a dry cough that started about three or four days ago. The patient denies any trauma to the mouth or nose. He also denies fever, chills, or shortness of breath. He reports feeling more tired than usual and has been sleeping more. He also mentions having diarrhea this morning. He denies chest pain, muscle aches, or any other significant symptoms. He reports no recent travel. He is up-to-date on his immunizations. He denies any allergies. He reports using a vape occasionally, and he is unsure if it contains tobacco or nicotine. He denies any recent contact with individuals who are sick. He denies any recent travel. He reports being otherwise healthy and denies any past medical conditions. He denies any weight loss. He denies night sweats or chills. He reports being around someone in his class who was sick last week.

Medications:

The patient is not currently taking any medications.

Social History:

The patient lives with his mother, step-father, and younger sister. He lives in a townhouse in the city. He denies any concerns with the living arrangements. He does not smoke or use marijuana. He does not drink alcohol.

Past Medical History:

The patient has a history of appendectomy at the beginning of high school. He has a history of chronic kidney disease stage 1, chronic kidney disease stage 2, microalbuminuria due to type 2 diabetes mellitus, and a history of diabetes. He has a history of essential hypertension and metabolic syndrome X. He has a history of a criminal record. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of acute viral pharyngitis. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of primary dental caries. He has a history of a kidney transplant failure and rejection. He has a history of chronic kidney disease stage 4. He has a history of proteinuria due to type 2 diabetes mellitus. He has a history of chronic kidney disease stage 3. He has a history of part-time employment. He has a history of medication review due. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a polyp of colon. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of part-time employment. He has a history of limited social contact. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of acute infective cystitis. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse. He has a history of full-time employment. He has a history of stress. He has a history of gingivitis. He has a history of a victim of intimate partner abuse.